Add a paragraph describing the rolling distribution. (#779)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Releases.rst

The expectation is to release new ROS 2 distributions once per year.

Rolling Distribution
--------------------

> `ROS 2 Rolling Ridley <Releases/Release-Rolling-Ridley>` is the rolling development distribution of ROS 2 as proposed in `REP-2002 <https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2002.html>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ROS 2 Rolling Ridley <Releases/Release-Rolling-Ridley>` is the rolling development distribution of ROS 2 as proposed in `REP-2002 <https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2002.html>`__.
```

> `ROS 2 Rolling Ridley <Releases/Release-Rolling-Ridley>` is the rolling development distribution of ROS 2 as proposed in `REP-2002 <https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2002.html>`__.
> It was first introduced in June 2020.

Reviewer: To elaborate on _what_ the rolling release is:
```suggestion
`ROS 2 Rolling Ridley <Releases/Release-Rolling-Ridley>` (code name "Rolling", first introduced June 2020) is the rolling development distribution of ROS 2 as proposed in `REP-2002 <https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2002.html>`__.
Rolling is a stand-in distribution for upcoming ROS 2 releases.
Any changes made to the ROS Core packages between distributions will be added to the rolling release, and released as the next stable distribution when the time comes.
It is unsupported, incomplete, and only meant for those who want to try the most recent ROS Core changes.
```

@nuclearsandwich, are you sure you want to put the definition here and not, for example, on the installation page or the "[Latest installation](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Installation/Latest-Development-Setup/)" page?

Author: > are you sure you want to put the definition here and not, for example, on the installation page or the "[Latest installation](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Installation/Latest-Development-Setup/)" page?

I'm reasonably sure. That it's better here than in the installation guide. I think any definitional or "About: Distributions" content belongs under the `Releases` umbrella so that installation documentation Remains focused on the "Howto: Install ROS 2" in various configurations with links out to definitional content. But I admit that I'm retro-fitting a content topology plucked entirely from thin air and observation.

> The Rolling distribution will receive frequent and possibly compatibility-breaking releases in core packages and is recommended only when contributing to ROS 2 core.

Reviewer 2: I don't think that the need to "contribute to ROS 2 core" is the deciding factor. For people wanting to use the bleeding edge but which are working only on their own packages it might be the right choice too.

Author: What would you suggest as an alternative?

```suggestion
The Rolling distribution will receive frequent and possibly compatibility-breaking releases in core packages and we recommend most people use the most recent stable distribution instead.
```

Reviewer 2: Sounds good / better to me.
